README.md, before:

## API

The API documentation can be found as follows:
- [API Specs](https://github.com/chhabriv/search-results-aggregator/blob/main/spec/openapi-specs.yaml)
- [Human Friendly Documentation](https://chhabriv.github.io/search-results-aggregator/)

#### Pre-requisites

- Go 1.19.4
- Docker 20.10.21

##### To generate mocks for interface

Note: the mocks are checked in, the pre-requisites need to be run if the interface is changed and mocks need to re-generated.

1. Install mockgen

```shell
go install github.com/golang/mock/mockgen@v1.6.0
go get github.com/golang/mock/mockgen/model
```

2. Generate mocks
```shell
go generate ./...
```

##### To generate human friendly page for coverage report

Install go tool cover

```shell
go install golang.org/x/tools/cmd/cover@latest
```

## Running local builds

1. Start the search-results-aggregator service

```shell
go build
./search-results-aggregator
```

2. Perform health check to confirm whether the http service is up and running.

```shell
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/healthcheck
```

You should see:

```json
{
    "status": "serving"
}
```

### Unit Tests

To run unit tests:

```shell
go test ./...
```

Generate static page with unit test coverage:

```shell
go test ./... -covermode=count -coverprofile=cov.out
go tool cover -html cov.out -o cover.html
open cover.html
```

## Running containerized builds

To run the service in a Docker container, do the following:

1. Create the application container using the [Dockerfile](https://github.com/chhabriv/search-results-aggregator/blob/main/Dockerfile)

```shell
docker build . -t local/search-results-aggregator:latest
```

2. To run the container

```shell
docker run --rm -p 8080:8080 local/search-results-aggregator:latest
```

## Sample cURL commands

_Can be run against the application running directly from the executable or from the container._

1. Healthcheck

```shell
curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:8080/health'
```

2. Sample request to retrieve 5 links sorted by views 

```shell
curl --location --request GET 'localhost:8080/links?sortKey=views&limit=5'
```

Commit message:

update repo README with app overview and reference to deployment information

README.md, after:

## Overview

This is a HTTP server which accepts GET requests with input parameter as “sortKey” and “limit”. 
The service queries three URLs mentioned below, combines the results from all three URLs, sorts them by the sortKey and returns the response. 
- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/assignment132/assignment/main/duckduckgo.json
- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/assignment132/assignment/main/google.json
- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/assignment132/assignment/main/wikipedia.json

In the following cases, the service retries the external query to the aforementioned URLs(providers):
- HTTP Timeout
- HTTP Status Codes:
    - 408 RequestTimeout
    - 500 InternalServerError
    - 502 BadGateway
    - 503 ServiceUnavailable
    - 504 GatewayTimeout

The number of retries can be configured [here](https://github.com/chhabriv/search-results-aggregator/blob/main/serverconfig/http.go#L30)
    
## API

The API documentation can be found as follows:
- [API Specs](https://github.com/chhabriv/search-results-aggregator/blob/main/spec/openapi-specs.yaml)
- [Human Friendly Documentation](https://chhabriv.github.io/search-results-aggregator/)

#### Pre-requisites

- Go 1.19.4
- Docker 20.10.21

##### To generate mocks for interface

Note: the mocks are checked in, the pre-requisites need to be run if the interface is changed and mocks need to re-generated.

1. Install mockgen

```shell
go install github.com/golang/mock/mockgen@v1.6.0
go get github.com/golang/mock/mockgen/model
```

2. Generate mocks
```shell
go generate ./...
```

##### To generate human friendly page for coverage report

Install go tool cover

```shell
go install golang.org/x/tools/cmd/cover@latest
```

## Running local builds

1. Start the search-results-aggregator service

```shell
go build
./search-results-aggregator
```

2. Perform health check to confirm whether the http service is up and running.

```shell
curl -X GET http://localhost:8080/healthcheck
```

You should see:

```json
{
    "status": "serving"
}
```

### Unit Tests

To run unit tests:

```shell
go test ./...
```

Generate static page with unit test coverage:

```shell
go test ./... -covermode=count -coverprofile=cov.out
go tool cover -html cov.out -o cover.html
open cover.html
```

## Running local containerized builds

To run the service in a Docker container, do the following:

1. Create the application container using the [Dockerfile](https://github.com/chhabriv/search-results-aggregator/blob/main/Dockerfile)

```shell
docker build . -t local/search-results-aggregator:latest
```

2. To run the container

```shell
docker run --rm -p 8080:8080 local/search-results-aggregator:latest
```

## K8s Deployment

[README](https://github.com/chhabriv/search-results-aggregator/tree/main/deploy/helm) with deployment information

## Sample cURL commands

_Can be run against the application running directly from the executable or from the container._

1. Healthcheck

```shell
curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:8080/health'
```

2. Sample request to retrieve 5 links sorted by views 

```shell
curl --location --request GET 'localhost:8080/links?sortKey=views&limit=5'
```
